Come on!
- Hold on. girls!
- Here we go!
More to the left!
Paddle!
- Can you see her?
- Mommy!
Look out!
Yeah. all right!
Yes!
Mommy!
- Hey. guys!
- Hi. Jessie!
That was amazing.
You girls were
- shitting your pants.
- Come on. Jessie?
That wasn't so bad. was it?
No. that was a piece of piss.
- Bit more.
- Go on. Paul. fish her out.
There. Got you.
You all right?
It's freezing. I can't feel my fingers.
Jessie.
Come here. Oh. baby.
Your cheeks are freezing.
Would you like to do that?
Come on. Jessie. it's freezing.
Let's go back to the car.
Go with your daddy.
- I'll just help the girls.
- All right.
It's okay. You go on. We can finish up here.
You sure? Thanks. guys.
I'll see you at the hotel.
See you.
Thanks.
Jess. when we get home. shall I phone Rachel's mom?
See if Rachel wants to come for dinner on Thursday?
When she comes around.
she can help us plan your birthday party.
You gonna invite any boys this time?
Are you okay? You seem a bit distant.
I'm fine.
Jess?
Jessie! No. Jess!
I'm sorry.
- She's gone. I'm sorry.
- Oh. no.
No. no.
She's gone. Sarah.
No.
Well. it's mud. blood and beer or sweet Jesus.
Great. Turn that shite off.
That's frightening.
Listen. we don't have to do this. you know.
We can head back and stay in town.
Get wasted. go to a barn dance.
Now. that is frightening.
You're right. We don't have to do this.
But I'm not gonna be the one to tell Juno.
She's a piece of work. man.
She always brings us out into the middle of...
Well. look at it.
- She came to Scotland last year.
- Yeah. and left pretty quickly.
Sarah! Beth!
Juno. You look fantastic!
Right here...
Come here.
Let me look at you.
Everything is gonna be fine.
Better. It's gonna be great.
Becca and Sam can't wait to see you.
Why don't you go in?
Give me these.
Thanks.
Very nice.
How is she?
Well. she's here.
One step at a time?
Who are you calling a fucking cheater?
I'm calling you a fucking cheater.
Hello.
Hello!
- You do look really good.
- Thank you.
- You look amazing.
- Sam. come here.
- Let me put the bags down.
- It's so nice to see you.
It's so nice to see you.
- I'm starving.
- Go. go.
- What have you got?
- Well. there's a bit of...
Sam. Thank you so much for your letter.
It meant a lot to me.
Sarah. look. I'm so sorry that I couldn't be there.
You know. midterms and...
- It's...
- You know. Sam's gonna be Dr. Van Ney
- In. like. a year's time.
- No.
Please tell me it's longer than that.
- I am so proud...
- Shit.
...of my little sister.
- Who wants a drink?
- Yes!
Yeah. me!
Sarah. would you help?
So. Beth...
I hear it all starts falling apart past 25.
Is that what they teach you at medical school?
To take the piss?
Cheeky bitch.
Can anyone make me feel any older?
Here we go.
Hello. You must be the teacher.
Beth. Sarah.
this is Holly. Juno's protégé.
Really? I always thought Juno would eat her young.
Nice.
I'm well able to handle myself. thanks very much.
I've heard about you.
You're that mentalist that jumps off buildings.
Base jumping. You should try it. seriously.
So you live in America now?
Ran out of things to jump off in Galway.
I'm always searching
for the next big high.
- Sure you'd know all about that.
- Sorry?
Juno showed me a photo
of when you used to climb together.
No.
I found this classic picture.
Beth. no!
No!
- Look at the state of us.
- No!
- Oh. my God.
- That's bad.
Sexy.
"Love each day."
Just something Paul used to say.
Anyway. Cheers.
- Here's to our adventure.
- Skoal.
- Cheers.
Come on. light. you bastard.
So. have you done Boreham Caverns before?
I saw it in a book once.
It's for tourists. It's not adventure.
Might as well have handrails
and a fucking gift shop.
If you're a caver. jumper. climber...
You just do it and not give a shite.
Or the thing that's bigger than you will get you.
You want adventure. Holly?
When have I ever let you down?
What's with the...
- What?
- Nothing.
Holly. tomorrow's gonna be awesome?
Take this. You'll need it.
What about Josh. Sam?
Are you guys still together?
Kind of. sort of.
Different... shifts.
Oh. my God.
My Jesus!
What do you think?
- Fuck.
- Don't say a fucking word. all right?
It was a Christmas present!
Shut up.
What about you. Holly? Got a man?
- I'm a sports fuck like Juno.
- What?
Rebecca too. I think.
But when I'm older. I wanna have lots of babies.
Beth. did Sarah tell you that...
Wakey...
Wakey.
I feel like roadkill.
Give me five minutes.
Five minutes.
Good morning. my little ones!
Wakey-wakey!
Good morning!
Is that what you call it? It's fucking freezing.
Holly!
We're leaving at 7:00. Don't be late.
Try that.
The queen is dead.
Long live the fucking queen!
Beth. you're not driving.
- If you drive. we'll never get there.
- Come on. all right.
- Paper. scissors. stone.
- What?
- Come on.
- You're a dick.
Go on.
- There you go.
- No. wait. babe. Best of three.
- You can't...
- I'll drive.
All right. ladies. Group photo.
We gotta hurry though. We're gonna be late.
- I look like shit.
- We all look like shit.
Now. just give me a smile.
- Hat? No hat?
- No hat.
All right! Run.
Say "sausage"!
- Sarah. slow down a bit.
- I'm having fun!
She's having fun.
Turn there.
- Let's off-road!
- Let's.
You should have some water.
Trying to set this watch is impossible.
The buttons are too fucking small.
- Then leave it alone.
- Why do you wear that thing anyway?
My boyfriend gave it to me. It's sentimental.
It's fucking mental.
Any guy that gave that to me.
I'd dump him on the spot.
Juno. are you sure we're going the right way?
Relax. I've never been lost in my life.
Marvelous.
So. have you done these caves before?
No. but they are only level 2.
They're quite safe. Don't worry.
I wasn't.
The only danger is I might fall asleep.
Boreham Caves. More like Boredom Caves.
- Nice parking.
- Thanks.
This one time in Galway.
when I free-climbed the cathedral.
and the priest chased me
down the road for half a mile.
That was brilliant.
I shouldn't have wasted the effort. though.
Holly. shut up.
Rebecca. leave her alone.
Guys. let's get moving. We're running late.
Come on. keep up.
Holly. wait up!
Move it. short-ass.
- Carter. get to the back now.
- Come on. you lazy bastard.
You finally caught up with me.
Juno. are we there yet?
There's a river about half a mile ahead.
When we reach it. we follow it up
to the mouth of the cave. okay?
How does she know there's a river up ahead?
I can't hear a thing.
She can probably smell it.
She came up here last week to check the route out.
It's rule number one.
file a flight plan and stick to it.
- And rule number two?
- Don't go wandering off.
You think it's dark when you turn out the lights.
well. down there. it's pitch-black.
You can get dehydration. disorientation.
Claustrophobia...
Panic attacks. paranoia.
hallucinations. visual and aural deterioration...
Lovely. Holly.
Real Kodak moment.
Don't touch it.
You wouldn't wanna piss it off.
What do you think did that. Sam. a bear?
What is this. Nature Detectives?
It could've been Bigfoot for all you know.
Come on.
Sam. stop poking it with a fucking stick.
Let's go.
This is it.
You're having a laugh.
Afraid not.
I'm an English teacher. not fucking Tomb Raider.
You'll be fine.
Sarah. Beth. you're up next.
Sam. stay with Becca.
Do what she does. and you'll be fine.
Holly. safety first.
I don't want any stunts this time.
- You okay?
- No.
See you down there.
You make sure your cow's tail is
locked there and there.
You hold on to this like that.
Look. you know. I have done this before. you know.
I'm only looking after you.
And I appreciate it in small doses.
You gotta see this place!
It's beautiful!
You won't believe this. Beth!
Shit!
Oh. my God. I'm gonna die.
Piece of piss.
Oh. my God.
It's incredible.
Clear!
Incoming!
Move!
Holly. we do this safely.
in order. following my lead. okay?
Take it slow and easy.
Juno.
Smart-ass.
- It's okay.
- Stop!
They're gone.
Look.
One bat. Two bats.
Fifty bats.
Holly. fuck off.
Which way?
There's only one way out of this chamber.
and that's down the pipe.
It's a drop.
Holly. chuck us your bag.
Oh. my God.
Amazing.
Find anything good?
- Jesus Christ.
- Come on. let's eat.
Holly. would you take a break?
I just wanna take a few more shots.
This cave is a lot cooler than I thought.
Not hungry.
You okay?
Juno. I won't break. I'm fine.
- I asked you for this.
- I know.
Sarah?
I haven't had a chance to say that I'm...
Really sorry I didn't stay around
longer after the accident.
Anyway...
we're all here for you now. okay?
Look. sorry. I'm feeling a bit out of it.
It's probably jet lag or something.
So I'm just gonna take a look around. okay?
Why don't you try and find us a way through?
Don't go too far.
What's up with her? She looks like
she's seen a ghost or something.
She's fine.
I've found the next passage!
That's it? It's a bit small. isn't it?
I don't get this.
What?
This is not how I imagined it from reading the book.
That's why I don't trust books.
Leaves too much room for interpretation.
Something wrong?
- No.
- No. it's nothing.
I'm taking point. guys.
Careful.
Just find the way through. We'll wait here.
What the...
I'm through.
Mommy.
Sarah?
- Shit.
- Are you still behind me?
Yes.
Shit!
Shit.
Sarah!
Guys. it's Sarah. I think she might be stuck.
I am stuck!
All right. Sarah. Calm down. Just relax.
I can't fucking relax. Fuck!
Sarah. you have to calm down.
And the only way you're gonna do that is to breathe!
Breathe. slowly. Just keep breathing.
I can't.
I can't fucking breathe.
Sarah. okay. listen to me.
Just listen to my voice.
Sarah. I'm coming back. Okay?
Sarah. okay? Listen to me. Keep breathing.
Look here at me. Sarah.
- What are you so worried about. Sarah?
- Beth...
Look at me.
Breathe. okay?
Listen to me.
- What are you afraid of?
- I can't...
- What are you so afraid of?
- ...fucking move!
You can move! Sarah. look at me!
Listen. the worst thing that could've happened to you
has already happened. okay? And you're still here.
This is just a poxy cave.
and there's nothing left to be afraid of.
I promise.
Listen to me.
You love this one.
How do you give a lemon an orgasm?
Goddamn it. let me hear you say it.
What do you do?
You tickle its citrus.
That's better. Come on.
All right. we're gonna move now.
Take hold of my arm. all right?
We're gonna move slowly.
That's it. grab my arm. Come on.
Just slowly.
Come on.
The rope bag.
What about the rope bag?
Fuck the rope bag. Move! Now!
Now!
Hurry up!
Now! Come on!
Come on. Sarah! No. move!
Fuck!
Come on now!
Sarah!
- Are you okay?
- I'm all right.
Is everybody okay?
- Don't fucking touch me! I'm fine.
- Samantha?
I'm here. I'm okay.
- Beth. are you injured?
- No. I'm fine.
Nobody move till the dust has settled.
Don't worry. Juno. We're not going anywhere.
You might be right about that.
Jesus.
So. what's the story now?
According to the guidebook.
this cave system has three ways in and out.
This is just one of them. Isn't that right. Juno?
Juno. that's right. isn't it?
Check the book!
I didn't bring it.
What?
No point.
For Christ's sake. Juno.
I knew it! I knew this wasn't right!
You filed a flight plan to mountain rescue.
If we don't report in. they'll come looking for us.
That's how it's supposed to work.
except I put in a flight plan for Boreham Caverns.
and this isn't Boreham Caverns. is it. Juno?
We're in the wrong fucking cave?
Holly was right. Boreham Caverns was a tourist trap.
- I didn't...
- Don't try and pin
This fucking shite on me!
This is not caving. This is an ego trip.
Come on. Rebecca. I didn't know this was gonna happen.
This is exactly what we believe in.
We've always said. "If there's no risk. what's the point?"
Don't try and justify this.
Where are we?
It hasn't got a name. It's a new system.
I wanted us all to discover it.
- No one's ever been down here before.
- You're fucking kidding me.
God.
How the hell are we supposed to get out?
There may not be a way out.
Look. there's no going back now.
We have to find a way out of this chamber
and keep pushing forward.
What the fuck do you think you're doing?
We all trusted you.
You told me this was gonna be good for Sarah.
Have you any idea what she's been through?
No. 'cause you couldn't get away fast enough.
you selfish cow!
You know what. Beth?
We all lost something in that crash.
Just get us out of here.
Look. cave systems sometimes break ground.
It's a small chance.
But if we stay here. we'll die.
Let's go.
- Freeze!
- What?
Don't move. Sam! Just don't move!
Stay right there!
Shit. Now what?
Thanks. Beth.
Now I know how far down it is.
So. what now?
One of us has to get all the way across there
so they can rig a line for you guys.
I have 3 cams. I need at least 3 more.
Where's the other rope bag?
Where is it?
We lost it when the cave collapsed.
Sorry.
Right.
All right.
Come on. Becca.
You got it!
Come on...
Come on. Rebecca.
Come on. Rebecca. What are you waiting for?
- Fuck.
- You okay?
What's wrong?
Nothing. I'm all right.
All right. more slack.
More slack. Thanks.
Fuck!
Well done.
Throw me the red rope.
Come on.
Now. you make it look easy.
Well. you make it look hard.
Don't look down. Beth. Keep going. Just keep going.
You're okay. You're safe.
Good. There you go.
Was this about me or you?
It's about us.
Getting back to what we used to be.
I wanted us to claim this place. name it.
I thought maybe your name.
Or maybe yours.
You're doing well. Come on.
There you are. Come on. give me your hand.
Juno!
We'll need everything we've got.
Haul it in.
Fuck!
Reach! Reach out!
Juno! No!
Juno. it's okay! We've got you!
Pull!
- Sam!
- Let me pass. Holly. Let me pass.
Rebecca. show me your hand.
Come on. let go.
What does it mean?
It means we're not the first.
It's a piton. right?
Well. if there were cavers down here before.
surely there's a better chance of us getting out.
This equipment's at least a hundred years old.
No one uses stuff like this anymore.
Besides. if anyone had been down here and made it out.
they would've named it already.
Becca. you okay?
I'll live.
Holly. how does it look?
It's tight again. but I can get through.
Keep going. We'll be right behind you.
There's something down here.
Guys. it's amazing.
but the batteries on our lights will run out.
- So I suggest we keep moving.
- Wait a minute. Wait.
- What is it. Beth?
- Juno. light up one of your flares.
- Beth. we don't have time for this.
- Just light a flare.
Really lovely. Beth. but it's fucking useless.
No. look at it. What do you see?
You've got the mountain. the cave.
and there's two entrances.
You are a fucking genius.
I have my moments.
This means there's another way out?
Let's find out.
Come on!
- Bastard!
- Which way?
Holly. give me your lighter.
- Come on.
- Here.
Fuck!
- Come on!
- Shit.
That one!
Holly!
Holly. slow down!
Careful!
Daylight! I can see daylight!
Holly! Care... Slow down!
Holly. it's not daylight!
- Help!
- Holly!
- Help me!
- Hold on!
Guys! Hold on!
Holly!
Sam. get down here!
Holly. answer me!
Think I hurt my leg!
Don't move! We're coming down to you!
Fuck.
No! Fuck.
Someone better get down here!
- That's fucking disgusting.
- Beth. not here. not now!
We need help. Everybody. grab a corner.
We need to move her out of the water.
Nice and easy now.
And... Lift!
Come on.
- You fuckers!
- Juno. find something
- to make me a splint out of.
- Beth!
- It's okay. I've got her.
- Juno.
use one of the ice axes.
You're gonna be all right. sweetheart.
Here we go.
Here.
Sarah?
Juno. I'm gonna need your help here.
- Sarah!
- Juno!
- Give me your hand.
- Take hold of her arm.
You're gonna have to hold her down.
What are you gonna do?
I need to dress the wound and rig up a splint.
but I can't do that while the bone is protruding.
I need to push it back in.
- Juno...
- I hate you.
I know.
Do it.
Bite down on this.
Keep hold of her.
- Just fucking bite down. okay?
- And...
Go!
Keep her still!
Keep hold of her.
Come on!
Just keep biting down. baby.
Someone get me a medical kit.
Calm down. It's going to be all right.
What are you doing?
I just saw something ahead in the tunnel.
Sarah. I promise you. I'm gonna get you outta here.
But I can't do it unless you're with me.
Sarah?
Sarah.
Sarah. look at me.
There's nothing there.
That's the best I can do.
It'll hurt like hell. and you won't be
able to put any weight on it.
but at least you can move.
They combed these mountains centuries ago.
Anyone trapped down here would be a skeleton by now.
- That is just what it looked like. Beth.
- What what looked like?
- Sarah thinks she saw someone back there.
- Saw what?
I don't think I saw someone. I saw someone.
No. you heard something.
and you saw what you wanted to see.
It's the dark. It plays tricks on people.
I can describe to you exactly what I saw.
What did you see?
A man. I saw a man.
- Now. are you sure?
- And it's not the first time.
I thought I saw someone before. but now. I'm sure.
Look. if there is somebody down here.
then maybe they can help get us out.
Sarah. there's no one down here. Forget about it.
We have to get Holly out of here.
This is all that matters right now.
- Beth!
- Sam. what do we do?
It's okay.
It isn't... Fuck.
Fuck me.
You've gotta keep warm.
Why are we walking away?
There was daylight back there.
It wasn't daylight. It was phosphorus in the rock.
We're two miles underground.
The only light down here is ours.
Well. it looked like fucking daylight to me.
Right tunnel!
I got you. Okay?
Jesus. What is this place?
Holly. where's the infrared button?
Dead animals. Hundreds of them.
This is not good. guys.
- Can we get out of here?
- Which way?
Come on.
- I don't know.
- What do you mean you don't know?
There's no breeze. It could be
any one of these tunnels. Take your pick.
Fuck it.
Hello?
- Please!
- Is there anybody there?
Hello?
What was that?
- It's there! It's up there!
- There!
There on the roof!
What was that?
- What was that?
- What the hell was that? Jesus!
Fuck it. no! Did you see?
What was that? What the fuck was that?
I don't know.
It moved so fast. I could barely see it!
I've never seen anyone climb like that before.
- I told you I saw someone!
- That was not a human being!
Screw this! Let's take our chances
and pick a tunnel. Move!
What's happening?
Shit. It's circling us.
Where is it?
This way! Move!
- Holly! Let's go!
- We've gotta move!
- Come on!
- Move it!
Come on. Holly. move it! Let's go!
- Juno. the flare. get rid of it!
- Come on. Rebecca!
Fuck.
Holly. keep moving! Come on!
Holly!
Sam. run!
Let her go!
Oh. my God! Holly!
Sarah!
Sarah. run!
Get off!
Get away. you fucker!
Holly!
Don't leave me.
Fuck. My battery's gone dead.
Where are they?
What's happened to the others?
Becca. please say we're gonna get out of here.
All right. Go.
Mommy.
Mommy. if you're really ready...
Fuck.
Turn the light off.
Quiet.
Sarah!
It can't see us.
Becca?
Sam? Becca? Sam?
Sam!
- Becca!
- It's Juno.
- The noise she's making.
she'll bring every one of
those things down on her head.
- As long as it's not on mine.
- Sam!
Becca?
Becca!
Sam!
Oh. God.
Becca!
Anyone?
Sam!
Sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Fuck.
It's all clear.
Sam. run!
We heard you crying for Sarah.
Where are the others?
They took Holly.
Beth...
Beth's dead.
Sam...
What is that thing?
I don't know.
Well. it does look human.
Come on. We need to find the way out
before those things find us.
No.
Sam. tell us what we're fighting.
Well...
They're totally blind.
And judging from what we've seen.
I'd say they use sound to hunt with. like a bat.
And they've evolved perfectly
to live down here in the dark.
Whatever they are. they go to the surface to hunt.
and they bring their food back down here
to eat through an entrance.
Listen. if we can stay quiet enough
and evade these fuckers...
I think I found the way out.
You think?
The climbing gear we found.
Whoever brought that down here marked their route.
I found those markings.
What are we waiting for?
Sarah.
I'm not leaving without Sarah.
Sarah?
Oh. God.
Oh. my God.
God. no.
Sarah... run.
I'm getting you out of here.
Don't! Don't touch me.
I heard Juno calling me.
I'm gonna go and find her.
and we're gonna come back and we're gonna get you out.
No. Stay away from her.
- What?
- She did this to me.
What?
- She left me.
- No. she didn't. No.
Sarah.
Don't trust her.
You find your own way out.
It's okay. It's all right.
I'm not gonna leave you. Beth.
I'm not leaving you here. okay?
Come here. Beth!
It's Juno's.
It's from Paul.
No.
Sorry.
Please...
That's... Fuck. Please come...
Please.
Sarah.
Don't leave me like this. Please.
- Please don't ask me to do that.
- Please.
Beth. I can't do that.
Please.
Close your eyes.
Hurry. Move!
Sarah.
Sarah!
Look. she's dead. Juno. We can't wait for her.
Come on!
Sarah! This way. Sarah!
Sarah!
Sam. come back!
Sarah?
Sarah.
Run!
Fuck!
Fuck.
- Come on!
- Just stop her!
I'll be right behind you!
Sam!
What are you doing?
Come back!
Becca!
You haven't got enough rope!
Sam! Turn around!
- What are you doing? Turn around!
- Sam. baby!
Sam.
Sam. turn around. You can come back.
Please. baby. listen to me. Please!
No!
Sam!
What are you doing?
No!
Juno!
Becca!
What happened to you?
Rebecca?
No.
What about Beth?
Sarah. she didn't make it.
You saw her die?
Come on.
Oh. God!
Mommy.